Someone is going to rape me
Ling'er, what are you doing here?
Haha uncle hey hahahaha
Uncle is from the God of Wealth Group
What is Lin Shengqiang going to rape me?
It doesn't matter, there is haha, he doesn't dare to be guilty.
Big brother should finish the accounts first
Don't make extra trouble.
Oh, I know.
Hahaha
Li Shengqiang and his men are coming to arrest me soon
Please help me
I have notified the guard.
It will cause you more trouble.
What guard?
I save you
Wait until the guards arrive for the lockdown weekend
You can pass the incriminating evidence from the computer to the guards
Hey come come come
Get up first, get up first
So you arrange two brothers
Escort Ling'er out of here immediately
And so forth.
Linger can't leave now
Now it's all Lin Shengqiang's people outside
It's more dangerous for him to go out
Miss Linger
I am Tang Feng, the old man
You stay here today
I'll keep you safe.
Thank you Chuangfeng
No matter what you ask
I will let my father satisfy you.
Is there anything wrong with Chuzufeng?
Our mother-in-law has a great opportunity to see your eldest brother
Will kill you
Yeah, did you get that wrong?
Let me watch my eldest daughter be raped
Then the fuck is dead, okay, okay
Stop arguing.
You get out of here right now with your computer and USB stick
Hurry up, hurry up, don't leave anyone today